6.0-M5 contains a number of bug fixes and improvements. It a number
of (minor) breaking changes, but they all have direct replacements.

 * Upgrade to scalaz-7.0.0 stable release.

 * Fix Attempt Cursor (`ACursor`) issues. Adresses #29, #35, #36.

 * Added unwind (`#unary_-` and `#undo` methods) to `ACursor` and
   `HCursor`. Addresses #30.

 * There are now convenient codec builders for tuples and case
   classes up to arity of 22. See `jencode{1..22}`, `jencode{1..22}L`,
   `jdecode{1..22}`, `jdecode{1..22}L`. Addresses #38, is a start on #19.

 * Internal tidy up of DecodeJson codecs. Removed some duplication,
   these are now a better example of how custom codecs should be
   defined.

 * Removed redundant JsonNumber wrapper, replaced with type alias.
   Addresses #31.

  * __note__: Any calls to `jDouble` convenience need to now directly call `jNumber` constructor.

 * Switched a number of types from traits with anonyomous implementations
   to case classes. Improved consistency of construction and default
   printing behaviour.

  * __note__: Any call to `ACursor` or `ACursor.apply`, now needs to call
    `ACursor.ok`.

  * __note__: Any call to `ACursor.failedACursor`, now needs to call
    `ACursor.fail`.

  * __note__: Any call to `ACursor` and `ACursor.apply`, can now be
    called with `HCursor \/ HCursor`.

  * __note__: Any call to `DecodeResult` or `DecodeResult.apply`, now needs to call
    `DecodeResult.ok`.

  * __note__: Any call to `DecodeResult.failedResult`, now needs to call
    `DecodeResult.fail`.

  * __note__: Any call to `DecodeResult` and `DecodeResult.apply`, can now be
    called with `(String, CursorHistory) \/ A`.

  * __note__: Any call to `CursorHistory` or `CursorHistory.apply`, now needs to call
    `ACursor.start`.
